Version 1 (119 words): Audrey Watters is a journalist specializing in education technology news and analysis.  She has worked in the education field for the past 17 years: as a graduate student, college instructor, and program manager for an ed-tech non-profit. Although she was two chapters into her Comparative Literature dissertation, she decided to abandon academia, and she now happily fulfills the one job recommended to her by a junior high aptitude test: freelance writer.  She has written for The Atlantic, Edutopia, MindShift, Inside Higher Ed, The School Library Journal, The Huffington Post, and elsewhere across the Web, in addition to her own blog Hack Education. She is the author of the book The Monsters of Education Technology and her second book, Claim Your Domain, is due out in 2015.

Version 2 (62 words): Audrey Watters has worked in the education field for the past 15 years: as a graduate student, college instructor, and program manager for an ed-tech non-profit. Although she was two chapters into her Comparative Literature dissertation, she decided to abandon academia, and she now happily fulfills the one job recommended to her by a junior high aptitude test: freelance writer.  

Version 3 (110 words): Audrey Watters is a writer who's worked in the education field for the past 15 years: as a graduate student, college instructor, and program manager for an ed-tech non-profit. Although two chapters into her Comparative Literature dissertation, Audrey decided to abandon academia, and she now happily fulfills the one job recommended by a junior high aptitude test: freelance writer. Her work has appeared in The Atlantic, Edutopia, MindShift, Fast Company, Inside Higher Ed, The School Library Journal, O'Reilly Radar, ReadWriteWeb, Campus Technology, and The Huffington Post, in addition to her own blog Hack Education. She is the author of the book The Monsters of Education Technology, and her second book, Teaching Mchines, is due out in 2015.

Version 4 (19 words): Audrey Watters is an education writer (at Hack Education and elsewhere), recovering academic, serial dropout, and part-time badass. 

Version 5 (45 words): Audrey Watters is a writer who focuses on education technology -- the relationship between politics, pedagogy, business, culture, and ed-tech.  Although she was two chapters into her PhD dissertation, she decided to abandon academia, and she now happily fulfills the one job recommended to her by a junior high aptitude test: freelance writer. 

Version 6 (129 words): Audrey Watters is a writer specializing in education technology news and analysis.  She has worked in the education field for the past 17 years: teaching, researching, organizing, and project-managing. Although she was two chapters into her dissertation (on a topic completely unrelated to ed-tech), she decided to abandon academia, and she now happily fulfills the one job recommended to her by a junior high aptitude test: freelance writer. Audrey has written for The Atlantic, Edutopia, MindShift, Fast Company, Inside Higher Ed, The School Library Journal, O'Reilly Radar, ReadWriteWeb, and The Huffington Post, in addition to her own blog Hack Education. She is the author of The Monsters of Education Technology, and her second book, Teaching Machines, is due out in 2015.

Version 7 (130 words): Audrey Watters is a writer who focuses on education technology -- the relationship between politics, pedagogy, business, culture, and ed-tech. She has worked in the education field for over 15 years: teaching, researching, organizing, and project-managing. Although she was two chapters into her dissertation (on a topic completely unrelated to ed-tech), she decided to abandon academia, and she now happily fulfills the one job recommended to her by a junior high aptitude test: freelance writer. Audrey has written for The Atlantic, Edutopia, MindShift, Inside Higher Ed, The School Library Journal, The Huffington Post, and elsewhere, in addition to her own blog Hack Education. She is the author of The Monsters of Education Technology (2014) and Reclaim Your Domain (forthcoming).
